The Joe Rogan experience. How come no diseases ever make us better?
There's nothing. It's like a Marvel comic book we catch.
Yeah. How come I can't get hit with gamma, radiation
And Spiderman. Every time I get mad at somebody just Hoke out. But you,
you know, they never showed like everyday things with the Hulk, like,
suppose he's in a car right now, your car,
the Hulk just grew tore up your car now. Hello, state, farm. Yeah.
You're not going to believe what just happened to my car.
Yeah. Th the concept of the Hawk that's on all the time, annoys the out of me.
You know that he's the Hulk now constantly 24 hours a day. And then he's smart.
Right? Come on. He's so he's Bruce banner all the time.
He's Bruce banner, but he's also the Hawk eye.
Um, we were talking about reading, which is what I'm doing now.
And I got this book. It's like 10 years of the Hulk.
It's like a thousand pages of hope comics, a 10 year run.
And the story is, it's great.
It's the gray Hulk who was smart, but not like the movie one,
but he was smarter than the regular one. And he would,
he would only change at night, like a vamp, like, uh, where off. Yeah.
So it's like, Hey, this is just how much free time I have Joe.
The new hope they probably missed mark ruffles acting.
He's such a good actor. And they didn't have enough room for him to just,
I mean, there's so many people in that movie, right? You've got captain America,
you got all these people. You got iron man, a pro.
They probably like mark Ralph. Wasn't just not talking to enough. Yes.
Most of the time we need him as the Hawk. So I got an idea.
Somebody mark ruffle the hug all the time. The Oak has glasses.
Now he has glasses, his glasses. It's so ridiculous. No,
the whole idea you is supposed to be that he's a really smart guy.
And then he's basically a model.
I'm a monster with unlimited strength, like unlimited power talks, like.
Hawk smash that smart.
Right? Like in,
in the Thor movie where he's working as a fighter and he has like a room
and he's, he's taken Babs and stuff like that. What was that movie? Ragnar rock.
And he didn't see that one. He didn't see that one. Yeah.
Where the Hulk is a fighter. He's like a gladiator,
but he's treated like a hero. And he has all the gladiator stuff, you know?
And it's like, yeah, the Hoke wouldn't be doing that.
Like the hook would just be smashing and destroy.
Yeah. I need to watch that one, but oh, that, see, I didn't see this movie.
That looks dope. Oh.
It's fun. Yeah. That's one of them. No, this is one of the funny ones, man.
You got to see that one. So.
The whole goes to battle. Spoiler alert with Thor.
Yeah. He like a gladiator in Thor,
ends up on the island and Thor ends up in the ring with him. But.
It's dumb Hawk. Right? Dumb. Hope's good. He's not.
He's not fully done. He's not as, he's not scientists hope,
but he's smart enough to hold conversations.
What a mismatch that would be if it was real, are you kidding me? Thor?
Just relax.
I don't know. How much did you, how much Marvel were you into growing up into?
'Cause like DC that much, but it was a giant Marvel.
Guy.
Cause I was a big Marvel guy and I tell people one of the big things and they
brought it up in the first Avenger movie. And this was a storyline.
I remember this.
The hope could never fight Thor because they were both so strong.
They would destroy the planet. Cause like the hoax,
the hoax strength was unlimited.
Cause the matter he got the stronger he got and Thor's a God,
which is something they never play in the movies.
But in the comic books every now and then throw it would remind them like,
I'm a God I can destroy the whole planet.
Like that's what my dad is. The.
And that's the problem. If he's a God, then what the is captain Marvel?
Cause that chick trumps everyday,
she comes down and everybody's going to sit the down here.
She's the superhero mom, captain. Marvel's the number one. Super. She's.
The most powerful.
Although in the save the world you call her.
And that last one, like when, the hope, when, I mean,
when Thor went to where he got the new acts made. Yes.
Like he was like controlling a son. Right?
Wouldn't it like power of a son was good. You know, it's really,
and this is what I love. And this is what, what, why women laugh at us?
Because we're having this discussion, right? Yes.
Well, it's also what makes, uh, what, what, what is the, the, the,
the really pretty girls name? This score? Scarlett Johannson. Yeah.
What is there a character? A black widow, but she's just kicks. Right?
She just UFC power. Chanco hanging out with iron man. Right?
That's what it's like. She's Valentina. Shevchenko is UFC strawweight champion.
That's what it's like.
And the other thing is she shoot like she has a gun,
but no one they fight can be killed with bullets.
She's a flyaway champion. I strongly, yeah, no one can be killed with bullets.
And how about the dude? Uh, Jeremy Renner's character haka.
He's got a bow and arrow. That is ridiculous.
He has a lot of special arrows,
but yet to have a gun It's like,
you're fighting aliens with an, and you got a bow and arrow. It's like, man,
you've skipped generations of weapons technology.
And it seems to never run out. It's amazing.
That's the, that's the superpower.
There's like the balance. The imbalance is super power is so crazy.
You can have a guy with a bow and arrow or the Hulk.
Hawkeye has no super human powers with the exception of the period when using
prim particles to become Goliath. Okay. Whatever dorks.
He he's at the very peak of human conditioning. Sure. He is.
He's an exceptional fencer, Acrobat and a grand master marksman.
Having been trained from childhood in the circus by the criminals trick shot and
oh boy. Well, I'm a big Jeremy Renner fan. I liked that guy a lot. However,
we have to be realistic about superpowers. You got the Hulk on one hand,
you got captain Marvel and another hand and a dude who's like, uh,
an Acrobat Hawkeye. Good at shooting.
I think Hawkeye's limit is fighting crime, right? Like criminals,
Hawkeye could take down, but when super powers and aliens and stuff,
come in, that's when you gotta, you gotta make some phone calls.
Just camped by aliens coming at you and you shooting them with a bow and arrow.
I just know they came here from another planet to shout with a bow and arrow.
Come on, come on. Yeah.
Well, who else? Well, what captain America, like he, he's just really strong.
But superhuman.
Superhuman strain.
We have a experiment, right? But he's like Bulletproof isn't he? No.
No, no.
He can be really quick or something. No, he can be hurt.
Real, real quick. No. Uh, what, what's his name? Wolverine Hills. Right?
Instantly.
I thought captain America had one of them jammies too. Not like.
I don't think like Wolverine,
he probably heals quicker or could take more pain or something. And most.
It's an America. Okay. Has agility, agility, strength,
speed, endurance,
and reaction time superior to any Olympic athlete athlete,
whoever competed,
LOL the super soldier formula that he has metabolizes enhance all of his bodily
functions to the peak of human efficiency. Oh he ain't, man.
Iron man can him up peak.
Right. Bodily functions. But that's it right? You can't.
With iron man with that set of skills. You just a really strong dude,
but in the movie, he's not in that movie. He's way stronger than any person.
Who's that right?
And he's also the leader. Like he's the military strategy guy. I guess he's.
The most sculpted face.
Iron man tells you who he is. Yeah. Billionaire Playboy philanthropists. Genius.
I want the Hawk. I.
Come out. Yeah. I'm going to, I'm going to go fight.
I'm going to go hardcore Thor. Those would be my two and a fight.
Captain Marvel comes down, them all up. She's bad.
They gave her too many powers. She almost has.
To gave her everything except a good movie.
That's true. They keep her in the movie department.
Horror movie was her movie was in. So it's like, it filled the story.
So you knew who she was, but it wasn't that great. You know?
And it didn't match up with someone who has the powers that she has.
Like she look,
if you're playing a game and the game's good guys versus the bad guys on your
good guy side, you want to have like, you'd be like real pumped.
If one person had way more power than anybody who's ever lived.
Right. Or you would just, you'd wait to play that card. You know? You'd like,
let people know like, Hey, don't let me have to pull captain Marvel. Like don't,
don't let me have to wake her up right now. Because if she comes down here,
everybody.
But here's the thing. Like they,
they can't figure out a way to make a good movie.
I don't know. I mean, again, the movie was, it was all right, but it wasn't,
it wasn't great. It didn't show.
That's why I shouldn't have to have a boy,
like remember when wonder woman wonder woman had a boyfriend. Yeah.
People liked it better. Some regular soldier got the wonder woman. Right.
And you know what? No one would believe you.
Yeah. You'd have to shut up about that. But.
I'm sure. And I'm wonder woman.
Yeah.
There's a looking up captain Marvel's powers and a little question popped up,
but who is the strongest Marvel hero? Yeah.
Do you know? Uh,
the strongest I w w would eat be captain
Marvel or.
Yeah, I thought it would be Thor, a Hawk. It says also in the destroyer,
which I've never heard of, but it says Hercules and I didn't know.
Hercules was in there.
Hercules was in like a few comic books,
but he's not Hercules Hercules.
Ain't considered part of the Marvel universe. Right?
Like Stan Lee didn't create Hercules.
Exactly. Yeah. You're not allowed to do that. Like, by the way,
why would you have Hercules in a comic book? That's a.
I do vaguely remember Hercules being in some Marvel comics, but,
but nah, he did. I don't think he counts, stated and create him.
I got lucky with Thor, leave it at that stole one. God,
you can't steal any other mythical characters. Right.
And, and it was cool with Thor because in the comic books, he was human too.
Right. He had like a human form and then he would turn into Thor. Yeah.
In the comic books, he had a human form.
I don't remember that. What, but you know,
you would think that someone else could make a Thor movie,
like why can't they make a Thor movie, like an origin movie about Thor.
The God can.
Do that. They might, they.
One's ever done that. Isn't an amazing, done it yet.
But who knows? They had.
Some movies where people pretend they're in the clouds and they pretend they're.
Yeah. They pretend they're that, you know, they're gods,
there's been some God movies. Right. What.
Was the.